[MTM-58365]: Adding advantage of certificate inference in obtaining device access token (#2347)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/rest-client-examples-bundle/hello-rest-x509.md

* PLATFORM_URL - The URL of the platform.
* PLATFORM_MTLS_PORT - Port 8443 is available for device access token API
* DEVICE_ACCESS_TOKEN_PATH API - The endpoint responsible for the mTLS protocol.

> * LOCAL_DEVICE_CHAIN - The whole chain in PEM format. This header is not mandatory, if we have immediate issuer of device certificate in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* LOCAL_DEVICE_CHAIN - The whole chain in PEM format. This header is not mandatory, if you have an immediate issuer of the device certificate in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
```

> * LOCAL_DEVICE_CHAIN - The whole chain in PEM format. This header is not mandatory, if you have an immediate issuer of the device certificate in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

Author: Done
